JAMES 3897: CrowdsecImapConnectionCheck (#1824)
apache/james-project: server/apps/distributed-app/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/extending/imap.adoc

A full working example is available link:https://github.com/apache/james-project/tree/master/examples/custom-imap[here].

See this page for xref:configure/imap.adoc#_extending_imap[more details on configuring IMAP extensions].

== IMAP additional Connection Checks

James allows defining your own additional connection checks to guarantee that the connecting IP is secured.

> An Connection check is a functional interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom connection check should implement the following functional interface:
```

```
@FunctionalInterface
public interface ConnectionCheck {
    Publisher<Void> validate(InetSocketAddress remoteAddress);
}
```

- `validate` method is used to check the connecting IP is secured.

> ConnectionCheck can be configured in `imapserver.xml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the custom defined ConnectionCheck can be added in `imapserver.xml` file:
```

```
<additionalConnectionCheck>org.apache.james.CrowdsecImapConnectionCheck</additionalConnectionCheck>
```

> An example for configuration is available xref:james-project::../../../../../james-project/third-party/crowdsec/sample-configuration/imapserver.xml [here].

Reviewer 2: Put a github link instead.

> An example for configuration is available link:https://github.com/apache/james-project/blob/master/third-party/crowdsec/sample-configuration/acquis.yaml[here].

Author: > Put a github link instead.

This link will exist in this PR
